I think those were really hectic moments.
Because it was our first time.
I'm facing the stage right now
and those were the seats for BLINKS.
There was a stage
that stretched out to the front
and we ran underneath the stage.
I think the most nervous moment is
when we walk toward the backstage
with the anticipation of meeting our fans
and performing for them.
I think that’s the most nervous moment.
You know, we haven't been able
to perform live for a while now.
And now that I think back at it
performing on stage is
one of the best parts.
I feel alive when I see our fans
singing along to my song and enjoying it.
That feeling of success like,
"Wow I did it."
"They’re dancing together like I am!"
When I feel that,
I think that’s when I feel most alive.
It’s upsetting that we can’t
have the fans watch the performance.
But I think it just makes us more, like,
you know, gives us more space
to look forward to that day,
and when that day comes for us,
we'll actually be in one room together.
That would be a very very special moment.
Wouldn’t there be much to talk about
when we meet? From now on?
So I'm looking forward to it.
BLACKPINK: THE SHOW
THE SHOW D-1, D-2
THE SHOW D-3, D-4
THE SHOW D-5
The Show.
THE SHOW D-4
Performing with the band
during the concert is
-definitely really great.
-What's next?
The energy is actually unreal.
All the instruments in the back,
singing live.